[Applause]
gal gadot imma imma imma I am ma is that
a word I might be wondering why that
woman got no titties they're here
they're here don't worry Emma Watson
seems like the type of girl where I'd be
friends with for like three days and
then get really sick of but not tell her
Jake Gyllenhaal has the most punchable
face of all time I'd like nothing more
than to sock him in his ugly soft starry
eyed pug face Elizabeth moss looks
stunning I think she can clean up well
despite my grandmother's harsh opinion
that she's hideous
I bet the John Lithgow's ball sack looks
exactly like his face
my face is not complimented but my ball
sack is they smell hair don't fit his
body no more he forgot to exercise that
milk blood on his shoulders that was
tank all frowning old dudes are jeffrey
tambor to me that's just hurtful
I'm going paltrow just stick to steaming
her vagina and shut the up
jennifer aniston is what happens when a
bag of flour gets its big break cuz it's
like I'm a bag of flour Jim Parsons
looks like a ventriloquist dummy that
came to life to become a sex offender Oh
baby lannister has a tiny pass it on
Kristen Bell seems like the kind of
person I'd be thrilled to be paired up
with for a school project but then would
never want to hang out with her
otherwise that's probably true
I bet Jennifer Lawrence gives really
unenthusiastic how do they know I'm
gonna submit Bob Odenkirk to ugly whites
someone just told me I smiled like
Michael Keaton and I don't know if I
should take 1 million selfies or put a
gun in my mouth I put a gun in your
mouth that real Donald Trump rights just
tried watching Saturday Night Live
unwatchable totally biased not funny and
the Baldwin impersonation just can't get
any worse sad its Kamel non Jionni's
multiple colors yes every shade of your
mom's lipstick
and her football
thanks for watching if you liked that
subscribe to our YouTube channel for all
the latest videos and if you didn't
subscribe anyway it's free who cares